cephadm: change default keepalived/haproxy container images (#44894)
ceph/ceph: src/cephadm/containers/keepalived/README.md

# arcts/keepalived

> A small [Alpine](https://alpinelinux.org/) based Docker container that provides a method of IP high availability via [keepalived](http://www.keepalived.org/) (VRRP failover), and optional Kubernetes API Server monitoring. If allowed to auto configure (default behaviour) it will automatically generate a unicast based failover configuration with a minimal amount of user supplied information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A small [ubi8-minimal](https://catalog.redhat.com/software/containers/registry/registry.access.redhat.com/repository/ubi8/ubi-minimal) based Docker container that provides a method of IP high availability via [keepalived](http://www.keepalived.org/) (VRRP failover), and optional Kubernetes API Server monitoring. If allowed to auto configure (default behaviour) it will automatically generate a unicast based failover configuration with a minimal amount of user supplied information.
```
